1.What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
 The following are some advantages of Bootstrap:
  Bootstrap is simple to use and anyone with a basic understanding of HTML and CSS can get started.
  Features that adapt to phones, tablets, and desktops: Bootstrap's responsive CSS adapts to phones, tablets, and desktops.
  A mobile-first strategy: Mobile-first styles are built into the Bootstrap framework.
  Bootstrap 4 is compatible with all modern browsers, including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer 10+, Edge, Safari, and Opera.

2.What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
 A bootsrap container is a handly class that generates a central region on the page where we can put our site content.The bootstrap 
 container has the advantage of being responsive and containing all of our other HTML code.Containers are used to pad the content 
 within them,and there are two types of containers:
  The .container class creates a fixed-width container that is responsive.
  The .container-fluid class creates a full-width container that spans the entire viewport width. 

3.What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
 The default font size in Bootstrap 4 is 16px, with a line-height of 1.5.
 The default font family is "Helvetica Neue," which includes Helvetica,Arial,and other sans-serif fonts.
 Margin-top:0 and margin-bottom:1rem are also set on all <p> elements (16px by defaut).


4. What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
 The Bootstrap Grid System is a mobile-first, responsive grid system that scales up to 12 columns as the 
 device or viewport size grows. Predefined classes for quick layout options and powerful mix-ins for 
 creating successful semantic layouts are included in the system.

 There are five classes in the Bootstrap 4 grid system:
  .col- for extra small devices, whose screen width is less than 576px.
  .col-sm- small devices, whose screen width is equal to or greater than 576px.
  .col-md- medium devices, whose screen width is equal to or greater than 768px.
  .col-lg- large devices, whose screen width is equal to or greater than 992px.
  .col-xl- extra large devices, whose screen width is equal to or greater than 1200px.
 
5.What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
 Bootstrap 4:
  5 tier grid system(sx,sm,md,lg,xl).
  It has limited colors.
  It has jQuery along with all the related plugins.
  Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11.
  Radio buttons and checkboxes look different in different OS and browsers.
  Utilities cannot be modified in Bootstrap 4.
  Relative positioning of columns is allowed.
  Bootstrap 4 doesn't have its own SVG icons.
  Bootstrap 4 supports the jumbotron.
  The card deck class,used to create a set of cards with eqal width and height,is available in bootstrap 4. 

 Bootstrap 5:
  6 tier grid system(sx,sm,md,lg,xl,xxl).
  Extra colors have been added with the looks.
  Jquery is removed and it has switched to vanilla JS with some working plugins.
  Bootstrap 5 dosen't support IE 10 and 11.
  The look of form elements dose not change on different OS or browsers.
  Bootstrap 5 allows us to modify and also create our own utility.
  Relative positioning of columns is not allowed.
  Bootstrap 5 has its own SVG icons. 
  Bootstrap 4 dosen't supports the jumbotron. 
  Card deck class has been removed in bootstrap 5.

6.What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
 Multiple buttons can be placed together on a single line using button groups. You can use this to group objects together, such 
 as alignment buttons.

 The .btn-group class is used for basic button groups. You can use the class .btn to wrap a set of buttons in .btn-group.
 
7.How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
 To make thumbnails with Bootstrap, go through the steps below:
  Wrap an image in an <a> tag with the class .thumbnail. It will add a grey border and four pixels of padding. An animated light
  will now outline the image when it has hovered over.

8.In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
 Flexbox is a layout module for flexible boxes.Without using folt or positioning,you can quickly create a flexible layout design 
 with flexbox.
 
9.How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
 Create a wrapper <div> and add a class of .alert and one of the contextual classes to create a basic alert 
 Example:
  .alert-success:
    This alert box indicates a successful or positive action.
  .alert-info:
   This alert box indicates a neutral informative change or action.
  .alert-warning:
   This alert box indicates a warning that might need attention.
  .alert-danger:
   This alert box indicates a dangerous or potentionally negative action.
  .alert-primary:
   This alert box indicates an important action.
  .alert-secondary:
   This alert box indicates a less important action.
  .alert-light:
   Light grey alert box.
  .alert-dark
   Dark grey alert box.

10.What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 
 In Bootstrap 4, a card is a bordered box with padding surrounding its content. It has options for header,footer,content,and 
 colors,among other things.

  Example:
   <div class="card">
   <div class="card-header">Header</div>
   <div class="card-body">Body</div>
   <div class="card-footer">Footer</div>
   </div>
