1.What is jQuery?
 jQuery is a small, light-weight and fast JavaScript library. It is cross-platform and supports different types of browsers. It is also 
 referred as ?write less do more? because it takes a lot of common tasks that requires many lines of JavaScript code to accomplish, and 
 binds them into methods that can be called with a single line of code whenever needed. It is also very useful to simplify a lot of the 
 complicated things from JavaScript, like AJAX calls and DOM manipulation.
  jQuery is a small, fast and lightweight JavaScript library.
  jQuery is platform-independent.
  jQuery means "write less do more".
  jQuery simplifies AJAX call and DOM manipulation.

2.How to Apply CSS Using JQuery, How to Add Class and Remove Class in Jquery ,JQuery Animation?
 Applying CSS Using JQuery:
  We can use jquery’s .css() method to apply CSS style on the given webpage. jQuery is a javascript library that helps us manipulate the
  DOM easily and efficiently using its various helper methods and properties. It allows us to add interactivity to the DOM as well as add 
  and change the CSS styles of the DOM elements. 
  JQuery css() method accepts either an argument of type object, with key as the CSS property name and value as the desired property value
  to be set to, or just a pair of comma-separated CSS property name and value.

 Add Class and Remove Class in JQuery:
  Add Class:
   The addclass() method is used to add one or more class name to the selected element. This method is used only to add one or more class 
   names to the class attributes not to remove the existing class attributes.  
   If you want to add more than one class separate the class names with spaces.
   Parameters of jQuery addClass() method:
    Classname:
     It is a mandatory parameter. It specifies one or more class names which you want to add.
    Function (index, currentclass):
     It is an optional parameter. It specifies a function that returns one or more class names to be added.
     Index: It is used to provide the index position of the element in the set.
     Currentclass: It is used to return the current class name of the selected element. 
   
  Remove Class:
   The removeClass() method removes one or more class names from the selected elements.
   If no parameter is specified, this method will remove ALL class names from the selected elements.
   Parameters of jQuery removeClass() method:
    classname:
     Optional. Specifies one or more class names to remove. To remove several classes, separate the class names with space
     If this parameter is empty, all class names will be removed
    function(index,currentclass):
     Optional. A function that returns one or more class names to remove
     index - Returns the index position of the element in the set
     currentclass - Returns the current class name of selected elements
  
 JQuery Animation:
  The jQuery animate() method provides you a way to create custom animations.
  Here, params parameter defines the CSS properties to be animated.
  The speed parameter is optional and specifies the duration of the effect. It can be set as "slow" , "fast" or milliseconds.
  The callback parameter is also optional and it is a function which is executed after the animation completes.

3.How to create slider with animation? 
 jQuery UI consists of GUI widgets, visual effects, and themes implemented using jQuery, CSS, and HTML. jQuery UI is great for 
 building UI interfaces for the webpages. jQueryUI provides us a slider control through the slider widget. Slider helps us to 
 get a certain value using a given range. we will see how to animate a slider. The animate option when set to true will create 
 an animation effect when you directly click at any point on the slider’s axis
 Parameters: This option accepts three parameters as discussed below:
  boolean: If set to true, the slider will be animated. By default, the value is false
  string: The string value used to set the speed of the slider cursor. The available values are slow, normal, fast.
  number: The duration of the animation in milliseconds.
   










