web Designing CSS and CSS3


1.What are the benefits of using CSS?
 CSS plays a crucial role in the overall presentation of a web page. The benefits of using CSS are as follows:
  Faster page speed
  Easy to maintain
  saves time
  Device Compatibility
  Enhanced user experience
  Numerous formatting options
  Lightweight code
  Great accessibility  

2.What are the disadvantages of CSS?
 The disadvantages of CSS are as follows:
  Different levels: 
      CSS is available in different levels – CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3. This creates confusion among beginner-level developers.

  Fragmentation:
      While using CSS, what works well on one browser may not work with another. Due to this, web developers need to test for compatibility. They need to run 
      the program across multiple browsers before a website is made live.

  Security Challenges: 
       There is no in-built security in CSS to protect it from being overridden. Anyone with read or write access to a website can change the CSS file.
  
3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
 The difference between CSS2 and CSS3 are as follows:
  CSS2:
   css splits up different sections of yhe code into modules.
   There are new way you can write css rules with a bunch of css selectors
   There is no backward compatibility with css2
   With css2 only web safe fonts can be used
   With css2 the concept of simple selectors were present
   Using css2 for rounded borders, coding the css styles were complex

  CSS3:
   Both css and HTML were put into a single file,there was no concept of modules before.
   There were no new ways of writing the css rules.
   There is backward compatibility maintained with css3
   With css3 special fonts can be used such as those in google fonts and Typecast
   With css3 the selectors were called as asequence of simple selectors.com
   With css3 there is provision for automatically assigning rounded borders to objects

4.Name a few CSS style components
 CSS Style is composed of the following elements:
  Selector:
    It is an HTML tag at which a style will be applied.
  Property:
    It is a type of attribute of HTML tag.
  Value: 
    These are assigned to properties.

5.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
  The degree of transparency or opacity of the content is referred to as its opacity. The opacity attribute, which accepts values between 0 and 1, can be used. 
  A value of 0 indicates that an element is entirely transparent, while a value of 1 indicates that the element is entirely opaque.
 
6.How can the background color of an element be changed?
 The background-color property of CSS is used to set the background of an element. We can set background color by selecting the element by its class name of 
 id name and then apply the background-color property on it to set the background color.

7.How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
 To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property 
 if you do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once.
 
8.What is the use of the background-position property?
 The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of 
 an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
 To set the scrolling of an image in the background, use the background-attachment property.
 
10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
 There are two reasons bihand this:
   It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will 
   further increase.
   Color is an inherited property while the background is not. So this can make confusion further.
 
11.How to center block elements using CSS1?
 In order to center the block-level elements, we need to set the margin-right and margin-left properties to explicit values.  
 
12.How to maintain the CSS specifications?
 The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). Even though every browser supports CSS, there are many inconsistencies in 
 the supported specification version. Some browsers even have their own implementation of the specification and have proprietary (vendor) prefixes. 

13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
 CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:
  Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
  Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
  External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.
 
14.What is embedded style sheets?
 An Embedded style sheet is a CSS style specification method used with HTML. You can embed the entire stylesheet in an HTML document by using the STYLE 
 element.

15.what are the external style sheets?
 To apply a rule to multiple pages, an external style sheet is used. An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a 
 link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet.

16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
 The advantages of External Style Sheets are as follows:
  With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.
  In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.
  In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.
 
 The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are as follows:
  An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.
  The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.
  While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues.
 
17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
 It is a string that identifies the elements to which a particular declaration apply. It is also referred as a link between the HTML document and the style 
 sheet. It is equivalent of HTML elements. 
 There are several different types of selectors in CSS:
  CSS Element Selector
  CSS Id Selector
  CSS Class Selector 
  CSS Universal Selector
  CSS Group Selector

18.What are the media types allowed by CSS?
 There are four media types allowed by CSS are as follows:
  all    - Used for all media type devices 
  print  - used for printers
  screen - Used for computer screens, tablets, smart-phones etc. 
  speech - Used for screenreaders that "reads" the page out loud

19.What is the rule set?
 Each (valid) declaration block is preceded by one or more comma-separated selectors, which are conditions selecting some elements of the page. A selector 
 group and an associated declarations block, together, are called a ruleset, or often a rule 
 